Max Weimer
CSCI 305


1. birthday
2. song
3. 58
4. love
5. 13
6. happy birthday song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is
7. sad song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a
8. hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
9. little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a
10. "Is a little girl in the world" repeats itself quite a lot because it gets stuck in a cycle
11. amore mio babbino caro gianni schicchi
12. love you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you
13. little girl like you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you
14. Words that are common together form cycles that trap the algorithm that traces them
15.
16. The solution I came up with was to stop the cycle when a duplicate word gets chosen.  The way I
        implemented this was to do a regex match on the current title trying to find the current word
        with word boundaries set on either side of the word that's trying to be found.
17. montana sacra nova baby i love you are
18. bob marley vs world is my heart
19. Because there are multiple ties for what word is most likely after 'bob', and the code chooses
        one of the words at random
20.
21. I like some of its similarities to PHP, such as being able to insert a variable into a string
        using the #{} syntax
22. There are a lot of things.  The ability and default inspection notification for omitting the
        return statement is great for brevity, but overall it seems to lend itself to more confusion
        and syntax strangeness.  Is this functional?  No, not really, but yeah, sorta, I guess. It
        seems to be stuck in the "jack of all trades; master of none" zone for me.
23. This lab was okay, the regex aspect of it was interesting, and the overall goal was a nice way
        to practice them.
24. 4-5 ish, most spent dealing with Ruby strangeness
25. I might use it for website development stuff, because a non-statically typed language lends
        itself quite well to dealing with user-provided data and webpage generation
